After Watching the Hamilton's Pharmecopia episode on The Sonoran Desert Toad I became interested in persueing the 5-MeO-DMT experience by getting the toads as pets and extracting their venom by squeezing their warty glands until they squirted the milky white venom onto a vertical mirror. 



After letting the venom dry after about an hour I scraped it up with a knife. I then put an amount a little smaller than the size of a paper matchbox head in my medical vaporizer. I blessed the Toads, and I blessed the venom inside of the vaporizer by visualizing my left hand taking out the dark energy with each inhale, and my right hand putting pure white energy with each exhale. I then laid back propped up in my bed under blankets to feel more natural and possibly feel more sensations. I heated up the venom inside of the glass chamber until it darkened and I could see smoke, then I inhaled counting up to ten, then held it counting down from 10, then released it. 



It tasted similar to the smell of burning plastic. I laid back and looked up at my tapestry on my ceiling and it started moving around fluid-like similar to mushrooms or LSD. I remember feeling like it was taking forever for me to feel really sedated so I smoked some weed to try and amplify the effect. I remember looking up at the tapestry and I would get waves of bright lights like the center of the mandala like tapestry would unify and look like a green sun shinning bright with rays coming off of it, and the light coming into the dark room from the window would flicker getting brighter and darker. I was noticeably sedated at this point, but could still move if I wanted to, it was just really hard though. I was noticeably sedated at this point, but could still move if I wanted to, it was just really hard though. So I did what I have read about in Hindu beliefs, and I surrendered to God/The Universe, and closed my eyes. I felt some pressure in  my chest and I focused on my holy heart where everyone Higher Self/Super Ego is and I learned about love. I felt the universe wrap me in a cocoon of love and felt one with it, and I ran over memories of the kids I work with and feeling of loneliness I had went away when I realized how much love I receive every single day, because love comes in so many forms. And everyone is the creator of their own future whether you believe in the Biblic teaching "You reap what you sow" or you believe in Karma, it's the same thing. Energy is your thoughts, words, and actions, and if you put loving energy into the world than you will receive loving energy back. 



Then I felt pressure where my collar bones meet which is where I meditate on my soul. I learned that Knowledge is power, and because I am a teacher I have the most power in the world. The kids that I teach will one day go on to teach other kids the same life lessons, and because of that, without teachers the world has no power. Then I focused on my third eye where I meditate on my third eye and the colors started swirling around in my head. Here I felt one with all, and I felt out of my body and in a new dimension. I called out and asked if I was with God, and I felt a reassuring yes given by him. He had told me that I had reached Moksha by becoming one with him in this life. 



I then opened my eyes and moved my fingers and toes around, then the rest of my body. Then I got up out of my bed and it was very noticeable that it was hard to move around. The peak lasted about 30 minutes from the beginning and the aftereffects of feeling good, bright lights, and some but less visual movements lasted an hour or so afterwards.