Roughly 4 months ago I received two live bufo alvarius from the only place I get my 'legal' highs on the net.  I didn't milk them until I'd had them two weeks.  How many burnouts does it take to milk a toad? Not one or three but four.  You need one to milk the toad (this was me, and it is fairly easy, just apply pressure on the toads glands on their legs and of course them huge tumour-ish things behind their eyes), another to try and catch as much of the venom as possible, one to do a fucking sports commentary to the other one who sits there like a goof ass.  I would have to say we got roughly 2/3rds of the venom.  So finally we have this cum looking like substance that dried into clear-white plastic type stuff. 



I divided the kermit as we call it between all four of us.  I cut a little piece of tin foil put some kermit in it and wrapped that on the end of my chillum.  I held it so the foil was facing the ground and started smokin shortly after it started to make pop and crackin noises.  I made our little buddy who has had no experience with psychedelics smoke first though, since he had wanted to trip so damn bad.  



He took two rips and sat there with a look of great amazement and respect in his eyes.  I asked him if he felt anything and he was unresponsive for about a minute.  After we gave up talking to him I took three rips off the bowl, and I could feel it in my head by the second drag.  It didnt taste as bad as I would've thought either.  Toad venom is an awesome body buzz with no visuals worth commenting on.  My whole body just flowed, I walked smoothly when I thought I might've had a little trouble.  I went outside with my lab rat to get some fresh air.  We couldn't stop laughing, we didn't have to say anything cuz we would see something funny before we could stop laughing at the last funny thing we saw. 



Half hour peak, forty five minute cruise after that and I was back to baseline.  One of my friends had a horrible time, but it was the night of his mothers funeral.